Overhaul incoming webhook docs (#410)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/admin/config/webhooks/incoming.mdx

# Incoming webhooks

> Incoming webhooks can be configured on a Sourcegraph instance in order to receive events from code hosts. This allows Sourcegraph to react more quickly to events that occur outside the instance, and decrease the amount of polling for changes required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Sourcegraph instance can be configured to receive events from code hosts via incoming webhooks. This allows Sourcegraph to react more quickly to events outside the instance and decreases the polling required for changes.
```
Maybe a more refined version?

    * **Secret**: the secret token you configured Sourcegraph to use above.
    * **Which events**: select **Let me select individual events**, and then enable:
        * **For repo changes**:
            * `push`
        * **For Batch Changes**:
            * `Issue comments`
            * `Pull requests`
            * `Pull request reviews`
            * `Pull request review comments`
            * `Check runs`
            * `Check suites`
            * `Statuses`
        * **For repository permissions**:
            * `Collaborator add, remove, or changed`
            * `Memberships`
            * `Organizations`
            * `Repositories`
            * `Teams`
    * **Active**: ensure this is enabled.
1. Click **Add webhook**.
1. Confirm that the new webhook is listed.

<Callout type="note">Permission changes can take a few seconds to reflect on GitHub. To prevent syncing permissions before the change reflects on GitHub, the permissions sync will only occur 10 seconds after the relevant event is received.</Callout>

Done! Sourcegraph will now receive webhook events to sync data with lower latency and more efficiently.

### GitLab

> GitLab webhooks can be installed at the repository or the project level. We strongly recommend using project level webhooks, to decrease the amount of work needed to add webhooks to every repository, and ensure new repositories have the webhooks added as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitLab webhooks can be installed at the repository or project level. We strongly recommend using project-level webhooks to decrease the amount of work needed to add webhooks to every repository and ensure that new repositories have them added as well.
```

1. On your Bitbucket Server / Bitbucket Data Center instance, go to **Administration > Add-ons > Sourcegraph**
1. Fill in the **Add a webhook** form
    * **Name**: A unique name representing your Sourcegraph instance.
    * **Scope**: `global`.
    * **Endpoint**: The URL found after creating an incoming webhook.
    * **Events**:
        * **For repo changes**:
            * `repo:refs_changed`
        * **For Batch Changes**:
            * `repo:build_status`
            * `pr:activity:status`
            * `pr:activity:event`
            * `pr:activity:rescope`
            * `pr:activity:merge`
            * `pr:activity:comment`
            * `pr:activity:reviewers`
            * `pr:participant:status`
        * **For repository permissions**:
            * _Not supported_
    * **Secret**: The secret you configured when creating the incoming webhook.
1. Confirm that the new webhook is listed under **All webhooks** with a timestamp in the **Last successful** column.

Done! Sourcegraph will now receive webhook events to sync data with lower latency and more efficiently.

### Bitbucket cloud

> Bitbucket Cloud webhooks can be installed at the repository, or at the workspace level. While we recommend installing them at the workspace level, the setup for them on the Bitbucket side [is unfortunately a bit more involved](https://community.atlassian.com/t5/Bitbucket-questions/How-can-you-create-Workspace-webhooks/qaq-p/2200142).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitbucket Cloud webhooks can be installed at the repository or workspace level. While we recommend installing them at the workspace level, the setup for them on the Bitbucket side [is unfortunately a bit more involved](https://community.atlassian.com/t5/Bitbucket-questions/How-can-you-create-Workspace-webhooks/qaq-p/2200142).
```
